1) You have a corporate network of size 10.0.0.0/16. Which CIDR is acceptable for your AWS VPC if you plan on connecting your networks later on?
   (172.16.0.0/12, 172.16.0.0/16, 10.16.8.0/16, 192.168.4.0/18)
2) You plan on creating a subnet and want it to have at least capacity for 28 EC2 instances. What's the minimum size you need to have for your subnet?
   (/25, /26, /27, /28)
3) You have setup an internet gateway in your VPC, but your EC2 instances still don't have access to the internet. What is NOT a possible issue?
   (Routing table is missing)
   (The security group)
4) You would like to provide internet access to your instances in private subnets with IPv4
   (NAT Gateway, Egress only)
5) VPC Peering has been enabled between VPC A and VPC B, and the route tables have been updated for VPC A. Still, your instances cannot communicate. What is the likely issue?
   (Check NACL, Check route table in B, Check the instance sg)
6) You have set-up a direct connect between your Corporate Data Center and your VPC A. You need to access VPC B in another region from your Corporate Data Center as well. What should you do?
   (Enable VPC Peering)
   (Use a direct connect gateway)
   (Use direct connect)
   (Setup NAT Gateway)
7) Which are the only two services that have a Gateway Endpoint instead of an Interface Endpoint as a VPC endpoint?
   (SQS & s3,  SQS & Dynamodb, s3 & Dynamodb)
8) Your company has created a REST API that it will sell to hundreds of customers as a SaaS. Your customers are on AWS and are using their own VPC. You would like to allow your customers to access your SaaS without going through the public internet while ensuring your infrastructure is not left exposed to network attacks. What do you recommend?
   (Create VPC endpoint)
   (Create VPC peering connections)
   (Create private link)
   (Create classic link)
9) Your company has several on-premise sites across the USA. These sites are currently linked using a private connection, but your private connection provider has been recently quite unstable, making your IT architecture partially offline. You would like to create a backup connection that will use the public internet to link your on-premise sites, that you can failover in case of issues with your provider. What do you recommend?
   (site to stite vpn)
   (Direct connect)
   (VPN Cloud Hub)
   (Private Link)

   
